fix(ui): remove core imports in clr-ui and add documentation steps (#1203)
vmware-clarity/ng-clarity: docs/INSTALLATION.md

    npm install @clr/ui
    ```

> 2.  Include @cds/core/global.min.css and @cds/core/styles/theme.dark.min.css in your HTML file:
> 
>     ```
>     <link rel="stylesheet" href="path/to/node_modules/@cds/core/global.min.css">
>     <link rel="stylesheet" href="path/to/node_modules/@cds/core/styles/theme.dark.min.css">
>     ```
> 
> 3.  Include clr-ui.min.css in your HTML file:
> 
>     ```
>     <link rel="stylesheet" href="path/to/node_modules/@clr/ui/clr-ui.min.css">
>     ```

Reviewer: Wouldn't be better to combine SCSS into 1 point?!
Example:

```suggestion
2.  Include following files `clr-ui.min.css`, `@cds/core/global.min.css` and `@cds/core/styles/theme.dark.min.css` in your HTML file:

    ```
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="path/to/node_modules/@clr/ui/clr-ui.min.css">
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="path/to/node_modules/@cds/core/global.min.css">
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="path/to/node_modules/@cds/core/styles/theme.dark.min.css">
    ```
```

Reviewer 2: This is much better. Thanks!
